Psst!
Hey!
Check this out!
Gossip.
It may seem like nothing
more than harmless talk.
Or is it?
If you’ve ever found out
somebody was talking about you
behind your back, then you know
gossip can hurt!
The Bible says at Proverbs 12:18
that words can ‘stab like a sword.’
So how can you make sure
that you  aren’t the one doing the stabbing?
Are you supposed to stop talking completely?
At Philippians 2:4, the Bible says
we’re supposed to be interested
in the lives of others.
So it’s normal to talk about other people.
But that talk can quickly turn ugly
and damage a person’s good reputation.
So, what can you do before  this happens?
For example, when comments
about others get sarcastic or negative,
that’s a sign the conversation
is going in the wrong direction.
Don’t get dragged in!
Change the subject!
You have to take action—and fast!
Take responsibility.
You see, even if you’re not
the source of a rumor,
repeating it can make you guilty
of spreading falsehood.
Instead, save yourself a lot of pain
by following the Bible’s wise counsel
at 1 Thessalonians 4:11:
“Mind your own business.”
Before you start talking about others,
ask yourself:
‘Do I really know all the facts?
‘If what I say gets repeated,
‘is the other person’s reputation
going to be damaged?
And what about my own  reputation?’
Remember, whenever harmful gossip
creeps into your conversation, take action!
The people around you will feel happy
—and so will you!